manual backport of #18301 (#18497)
hashicorp/consul: README.md

  discovery prevents routing traffic to unhealthy hosts and enables service
  level circuit breakers.

> * **Dynamic App Configuration** - An HTTP API that allows users to store indexed objects within Consul,
>    for storing configuration parameters and application metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Dynamic App Configuration** - An HTTP API that allows users to store indexed objects, like configuration parameters and application metadata, within Consul.
```
